So this is what we're gonna
do in our next exercise,
which is exercise function composition.
Once again, you can find it by
going to that collection page.
You'll find it in there.
And you can take a look at
the instructions to understand what you're
being asked to do.
But let me run it through run
us through it really quickly.
Pipelining is this type of thing that
we were talking about where we take
the inputs from one function,
pass them into the next function.
Excuse me, we take the inputs from one
function, the outputs from that get passed
into the next function, the outputs from
that get passed into the next function.
And we create kind of a pipeline,
through which the data flows.
So what we're gonna do is
write a pipeline function,
which is gonna make it really easy for
us to do that simply by passing in.
A series of functions
to a pipeline function.
We get to compose them all
together into a single function,
which is going to flow the data through.
So your first task is to implement that.
And there are some tests below, where
you'll wanna look for those little funky
faces to turn into TAs again, to let
you know that your pipeline is working.
And the way we'll be using it,
is by calling it on a series of single
argument functions like this, so,
that we no longer have to worry
about that nested call signature.
It just makes it a little
bit easier to read, and
to understand what order these
functions are gonna be applied in.
And then, if you really wanna challenge
you can try to implement pipeline with
the reduce function from earlier.
The second part of this exercise is that
we're going to try to transform some data.
Using these functional pipelines, so
what we're going to do is take strings
in a certain case, like snake case,
which you might be familiar with.
If you've worked in Python.
This is kind of a convention for
a variable naming in Python and
turn them into more JavaScript IE camel
case strings like to sort of translate
our pythonic variables,
to JavaScript variables or what have you.
And so what you're going to do is try to
write a series of small single arguments,
single operation,
single action sort of functions,
that are going to do just one
transformation at a time.
Then we're going to compose them
together into a program a function
that's going to take in a snake case
string and return a camel case string.
And then there are a few
more challenge exercises for
you as well to do variations on this
on this snake to camel pipeline.